Either you RUN the day or the DAY runs you
Wake up and go to work on yourself before you go to work for someone else....
Happiness is not the absense of problems, its the ability to deal with them. -Steve Maraboli
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. —Denis Waitley
YOU ARE NOT DONE YET!!! Rest at the end NOT at the middle
You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.-C.S. Lewis
Convince yourself that you have the power to be all what you wish to be. It is YOU who could generate in you a huge power of motivation to push you forward and ignite you to think and to do.
You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.—C. S. Lewis
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it’s the ability to deal with them.—Steve Maraboli
The most precious gift we can offer others is our presence. When our mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.—Thich Nhat Hanh
Miracles start to happen when you give as much energy to your dreams as you do to your fears.—Richard Wilkins
If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.—Zig Ziglar
Don’t be upset with people and situations in your life, because both are powerless without your reaction.—Unknown
Be patient. Empires are not built in a day—Unknown
Never perceive anything as being inevitable or predestined. The only absolute is uncertainty.—Lionel Suggs
Love is a fruit in season at all times and within reach of every hand.—Mother Teresa
The truest indication of gratitude is to return what you are grateful for.—Richard Paul Evans
There’s no need to rush. What’s meant for you always arrives right on time.—Unknown
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.—Franklin D. Roosevelt
The very purpose of our life is to seek happiness.—Dalai Lama
“We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them.” — Albert Einstein
“Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.” — Mahatma Gandhi
“Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too.” — Mark Twain
“When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in return. You should give a good thought to happiness that you can give out.”— Eleanor Roosevelt
“When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world.”—Norman Vincent Peale
“It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest. —Walter Anderson
“Nature has given us all the pieces required to achieve exceptional wellness and health, but has left it to us to put these pieces together.”—Diane McLaren
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." — Winston S. Churchill
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." — Herman Melville
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." — Colin R. Davis
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it.” — Henry David Thoreau
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” —Dale Carnegie
"Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. The slogan 'Press On' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race." —Calvin Coolidge
“There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.” —Mister Rogers
“Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.” —John Wooden
“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” —Estée Lauder
“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.” ―W. P. Kinsella
Life becomes lighter when we focus on reality and presentments rather than abstract ideas and interpretations—Unknown
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.—Bob Marley
Good things come to those who go get them.—Unknown
You are searching the world for treasure, but the real treasure is Yourself.—Rumi
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.—Unknown
If you think you can win, you can win. Faith is necessary to victory.—William Hazlitt
